W-18556711 Update policies-included-mcp-attribute-access-control.adoc (#869)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.9/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-mcp-attribute-access-control.adoc

> The MCP Attribute-Based Access Control policy controls access to server tools, resources, and prompts based on user information such as Tiers, IP, Headers, or Claims. Use the https://docs.cedarpolicy.com/[Cedar policy language] to define access rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MCP Attribute-Based Access Control policy controls access to server tools, resources, and prompts based on user information such as Tiers, IP, Headers, or Claims. The Cedar policy language is a language for making access decisions based on authorization policies. Use the https://docs.cedarpolicy.com/[Cedar policy language] to define access rules.
```

Reviewer: This one is a stretch. Ignore if it's not helpful.

> The MCP Attribute-Based Access Control policy requires that another authentication policy be applied before it. For more information, see <<writing-cedar-rules>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This policy requires that another authentication policy be applied before the MCP Attribute-Based Access Control policy. For detailed guidance, see <<writing-cedar-rules>>.
```

|===
| Element | Description
| Rules | Rules to grant requests access to tools, resources, and prompts written in the https://docs.cedarpolicy.com/[Cedar policy language].
| Cedar Expression | Cedar expression defining the access rule. For example: `permit(principal,action == Action::"tools/call` or `resource == Tool::"calculator");`. To learn more about the Cedar bindings provided by the requests, see <<writing-cedar-rule>>.
| Authentication Type | Type of authentication used by the authentication policy applied before this policy.
|===

[[writing-cedar-rules]]

> == Writing Cedar Rules

Reviewer: I really wanted to suggest a less general name for this topic, but I'm not coming up with anything useful. Leaving a comment here in case you can think of something.

> The MCP Attribute-Based Access Control policy requires that another authentication policy be applied before it. You can apply a included policy or custom policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must apply either an included authentication policy or a custom authentication policy before the MCP Attribute-Based Access Control policy.
```

> === Included Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Included Authentication Policies
```

The authentication policy you apply affects the available Cedar `principal` bindings:

* Multiple policies can validate Client ID:
** xref:policies-included-client-id-enforcement.adoc[]

> ** xref:policies-included-rate-limiting-sla.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: This should not be removed

Reviewer: ### My mistake. Removed my suggestion. Thanks Glenn and @balbifm

** xref:policies-included-oauth-token-introspection.adoc[] (If Client ID enforcement is configured)
** xref:policies-included-openid-token-enforcement.adoc[] (If Client ID enforcement is configured)
** xref:policies-included-jwt-validation.adoc[] (If Client ID enforcement is configured)
+ 
Policies validating Client ID provide these Cedar bindings:
+
** `principal.client_name`: Name of the contract's client application
** `principal.principal`: ID of the contract's client application
** `principal.properties.slaId`: SLA ID assigned to the contract

* xref:policies-included-jwt-validation.adoc[]:
** `principal.properties.claims.<claimName>`: All claims provided by the JWT

* Multiple policies validate basic authentication credentials:
** xref:policies-included-basic-auth-simple.adoc[]
** xref:policies-included-basic-auth-ldap.adoc[]
+ 
Policies validating basic authentication credentials provide these Cedar bindings:
+
** `principal.principal`: Username passed as basic auth user

> === Custom Policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Custom Authentication Policies
```
